.TH PTYWRAP 1 "Jul 12, 2008" "" ""
.\"
.\" Man page written by Kasper Peeters <kasper.peeters@aei.mpg.de>
.\"
.\"	This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\"	the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\"	(at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\"	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"	GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"	along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\"	Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\"
.SH NAME
ptywrap \- fool programs into thinking they are talking to a pseudo-tty
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR "ptywrap"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ptywrap
is a simple tool to wrap other programs' input/output streams in a pseudo-tty.

Many programs determine whether or not they should buffer their
input/output based on whether or not these are connected to a
pseudo-tty. Ptywrap can be used to fool programs into thinking that
they are connected to a pseudo-tty even if they are not (e.g. even if
the input/output is redirected to a file). 

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR modglue (1).
.BR prompt (1).

See the web page at
.BR "http://www.aei.mpg.de/~peekas/modglue/"
for more information.
.SH AUTHORS
Kasper Peeters <kasper.peeters@aei.mpg.de>

